To implement height levels, make several layers of GameGrid.
cells would probably need height value, and some value to identify if it needs to be drawn at all (if it is not visible cuz of upper layer existence)
Question - transitions between height levels
Can make use of several Gameboards. Clusters can represent puzzle pieces with some transitions. diablo style world generation

Good time to implement UI, maybe a DEBUG UI, with coords and such, so it is not actually retarded to test
draw UI in Photoshop? yeah, probably

Learn shit - make graphics a library and compile separately - be a BIG BOI

Finally implement a MOUSE FFS

Procedural generator class. Gets the defined [X Y] matrix of the world, and fills up cells with type, obstacles, heightlevels etc. Make it produce rivers and shit.
Types of environment [forest/lavacave/Ice/Neon/Whatever]

LAN - UDP can wait, test shits with TCP. GIMME 2 PLAYAS
Deathmatch mode / COOP mode
Somehow inmplement user-made assets, like spraypaints in CS. Could be models (needs standartization), sounds, levels

SQL - NEXT GODDAMN BIG THING. Keepin user data/ scores/ levels

Mechanics:
Abilities should be droppable and Slottable and Upgradeable
Certain Avatars have certain starting(maybe unique?) abilities. Make it essential to mechanics, to promote co-op
Don't bother with complicated Loot System. way too much for this game. Maybe no loot at all, and focus on abilties
GOOD IDEA - Contra clone in isometry!

Player class, which has class [Avatar], and stuff like HP, Ability slots, etc.

Allocate all sprite resources in a separate class and link other classes to it. (and probably sounds later)

camera class that does all the drawing
{
	all objects contain reference to graphics, sprites etc; only camera will have those (solved with static)
}

make graphics object static inline like log?

Log class is pure global variables - thread unsafe! 
command interface should be reworked.
gameloop functions all are in 1 thread and should not cause problems
modify log::puterror to make error file and log errors there

barrel draw has magin numbers instead of animation data.
animationdata structure for idle objects?
